# git-pull

There will be an open source organization.

## Governance

### Director

It will have a permanent director for life, Tony Narlock.

### Maintainers

Maintainers assist the director.

## Heirs

The project and its processes will be documented. If there is no heir or board,
participants may fork git-pull organizations under a new new name.

## Entity

"git-pull organization" is Tony Narlock for simplicity purposes, he reserves the
right to transfer all ownership to a non-profit and/or for-profit organization
in the future. In which can git-pull organization can change in the future based
what's best to realize its vision.

The laws around non-profits are complex and open source software development
isn't treated as a non-profit cause in itself, some jurisdictions require
"outreach" efforts unrelated, rather than tending to basic needs of software
projects like paying developers and infrastructure. Depending on the situation
favoring open source projects in non-profit orgs, it may be more efficient to
stay as a private entity.

## Copyright

### Permissive licensing

Public projects by git-pull are designed to be available under "permissive
licenses", to include ISC, BSD, MIT, etc. These include the following:

- Liability waiver, No warranty
- Allow commercial and private usage
- Allow redistributing, modifying, the code

The license should be as portable as possible. It should simply be software,
maximizing its potential usage to the public, while making clear the
organization isn't liable or offering a warranty or support.

If you need one-on-one attention - you should pay the organization for its time.

If you need urgent attention - you should pay more to recoop the costs of our
developers dropping their existing efforts to service your need.

### Assignment "Contributor License Agreement"

For licensing and ownership purposes, it's important that custody of the
software project is explicit.

All PRs are required to CLA assigning their contribution to Tony Narlock
(git-pull organization).

## Standardization

Projects will comply to common toolchains and best practices to reduce
duplication.

## Neutrality

This organization is not a fact finder. It will not participate in public policy
discussions. Funding or resources may not be used outside of developer hours,
legal fees, infrastructure.

The organizations name or trademark (if any) may not be appropriated for public
policy opinions.

The point to strike home is it's purely software.
